KnightOS is free software.
Both free like a free beer,
and free as in freedom. This
license describes your
rights when using or sharing
KnightOS.

This file applies to the
core portions of KnightOS
(the "kernel"), and to many
of the programs installed.
However, it does not
neccessarily apply to all
installed programs. Please
consult the files in
/etc/licenses for more
details.

For more information,
please visit
http://knightos.org.

Copyright (c) 2014 The
KnightOS Group

Permission is hereby
granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy
of this software and
associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software
without restriction, 
including without 
limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished
to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice
and this permission notice
shall be included in all
copies or substantial
portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
"AS IS", WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE
USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
